Update _index.md (#24434)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/observability_pipelines/archive_logs/_index.md

## Overview

> Use Observability Pipelines to route ingested logs to a cloud storage bucket in Datadog-rehydratable format. You can then rehydrate the archive in Datadog ad hoc whenever you need to analyze and investigate them. This is useful when:

Author: ```suggestion
Use Observability Pipelines to route ingested logs to a cloud storage solution (Amazon S3, Google Cloud Storage, or Azure Storage) in Datadog-rehydratable format. You can then rehydrate the archive in Datadog ad hoc whenever you need to analyze and investigate them. This is useful when:
```
